1. The IoC(Inversion of Control) Container

    1. IoC
        1. org.springframework.beans
        2. org.springframework.context
        3. explicit user code is not required to instantiate one or more instances of a Spring IoC container.

    2. DI
        1. a process whereby objects define their dependencies
        2. only through
            1. constructor arguments
            2. arguments to a factory method
            3. properties that set on the object instance after it is constructed or returned from a factory method.
            4. The container then injects those dependencies when it creates the bean.
            5. the bean itself controlling the instantiation or location of its dependencies.

    3. Beans
        1. are the backbone of your application
        2. are instantiated, assembled, and managed by a Spring IoC container
        3. are reflected in the configuration metadata used by a container.

    4. Bean Factory
        1. advanced configuration mechanism
        2. managing any type of object
        3. ApplicationContext
            1. Message resource handling
            2. Event publication
            3. Application-layer specific contexts
            4. Easier integration with Spring’s AOP features
            =. add enterprise-specific functionality


2. Container Overview

    1. The IoC Container
        1. org.springframework.context.ApplicationContext
        2. is responsible for instantiating, configuring, and assembling the beans
        3. gets its instructions on what objects to instantiate, configure, and assemble by reading configuration metadata

    2. The configuration metadata
        1. is represented in XML, Java annotations, or Java code
        2. lets you express the objects that compose your application
        3. and the rich interdependencies between those objects. 

    3. Implements of the ApplicationContext
        1. ClassPathXmlApplicationContext
        2. FileSystemXmlApplicationContext

    4. How spring works
        1. Application classes are combined with configuration metadata.
        2. then, the ApplicationContext is created and initialized.
        3. so you have a fully configured and executable system or application.


3. Form of Configuration Metadata

    1. XML-based Configuration
    2. Java-based Configuration
    3. Annotation-based Configuration

4. Java-based Configuration

    1. @Configuration -annotated classes
        1. indicates that its primary purpose is as a source of bean definitions.
        2. let inter-bean dependencies be defined by calling other @Bean methods in the same class.

    2. @Bean -annotated methods
        1. are used to indicate that a method instantiates, configures, and initializes a new object to be managed by the Spring IoC container.
        2. @Bean annotation plays the same role as the <bean /> element.
        3. You can use @Bean-annotated methods with any Spring @Component.
        4. However, @Component annotation is most often used with @Configuration beans.

5.